h1. Mobello, HTML5 framwork for building mobile apps

Mobello is high performance javascript framework for HTML5 mobile apps. You can build native-like HTML5 apps for smartphones and tablets with Mobello. Mobello is open source provided under the LGPL license.

h1. Features

h3. UI Components


Mobello includes a complete set of user interface components for building rich mobile web apps.

* 20+ beautifully designed components
* Supports wide range of device form-factor
* Optimized for touch UI
* Extendable and customizable components in easy way

h3. Mobello Runtime 

Runtime manages the lifecycle of applications and provides abstraction layers for interaction and animation, advanced effects.

* Device agnostic event system (touch events)
* Provides advanced amimation
* Runtime system for multi-tasking
* Provides Controllers for general UX patterns

h3. Mobello Studio (coming soon)

* Design web apps with HTML5 and CSS3
* Visual design editor
* Real-time synchronized editing
* Javascript debugging
* Device emulator
* Layout editing
* Eclipse based

h1. Documentation

h3. "API Documents":http://mobello.github.com/api/index.html

h3. Tutorials

* "모벨로를 소개합니다 [korean]":http://mobello.tumblr.com/post/21634260724
* "설치하기 - FileSystem [korean]":http://mobello.tumblr.com/post/21685709384/filesystem
* "설치하기 - WebServer [korean]":http://mobello.tumblr.com/post/21692818757/webserver
* "처음 시작하기 - part1 [korean]":http://mobello.tumblr.com/post/21686783051/part1
* "처음 시작하기 - part2 [korean]":http://mobello.tumblr.com/post/21691198274/part2
* "네비게이션 구현하기 - part1 [korean]":http://mobello.tumblr.com/post/21706116835/part1
* "네비게이션 구현하기 - part2 [korean]":http://mobello.tumblr.com/post/21706121024/part2
* "Table과 TableCell을 이용한 연락처 구현하기 - part1 [korean]":http://mobello.tumblr.com/post/21706131998/table-tablecell-part1
* "Table과 TableCell을 이용한 연락처 구현하기 - part2 [korean]":http://mobello.tumblr.com/post/21706135932/table-tablecell-part2

h1. License

Licensed under the LGPL, Version 3.0: http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lesser.html


h1. Contacts

* Email: "mobello.js@gmail.com":mailto:mobello.js@gmail.com
* Twitter: <a href="https://twitter.com/mobello_js" target="_blank">@mobello_js</a>
* Blog: <a href="http://mobello.tumblr.com/" target="_blank">http://mobello.tumblr.com/ (korean) </a> <br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <a href="http://mobellojs.tumblr.com/" target="_blank">http://mobellojs.tumblr.com/ (english) </a>
* Location: KT R&D Center, 17 Woomyeon-dong, Seocho-gu, Seoul, Korea 137-792
	<a href="http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&amp;source=embed&amp;hl=en&amp;geocode=&amp;q=kt+%EC%97%B0%EA%B5%AC%EA%B0%9C%EB%B0%9C&amp;aq=&amp;sll=37.470941,127.029542&amp;sspn=0.003683,0.006968&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;hq=kt+%EC%97%B0%EA%B5%AC%EA%B0%9C%EB%B0%9C&amp;hnear=&amp;t=m&amp;ll=37.470941,127.029542&amp;spn=0.003683,0.006968" style="color:#0000FF;text-align:left" target="_blank">View on google map</a></small>

Serviced by olleh. Copyright(c) 2012 KT Corp.